Update  layout scale bar item description and screenshots (#4529)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/print_composer/composer_items/composer_scale_bar.rst

instructions <create_layout_item>` to add a new scale bar item that you can
later manipulate the same way as exposed in :ref:`interact_layout_item`.

By default, a new scale bar item shows the scale of the map item over which

> it's drawn. If no map item is below, the :ref:`reference map <reference_map>` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is drawn. If there is no map item below, the :ref:`reference map <reference_map>` is
```

> used. You can customize it thanks to the :guilabel:`Item Properties` panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used. You can customize it in the :guilabel:`Item Properties` panel.
```

   Scale Bar Main properties group

> #. First, choose the map the scale bar will be attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. First, choose the map the scale bar will be attached to
```

#. Then, choose the style of the scale bar. Six styles are available:

>    * **Single box** and **Double box** styles, which contain one or two lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Single box** and **Double box** styles, which contain one (single)
```

Author: looks redundant to me.

Reviewer: In my opinion, it makes thinks slightly clearer. But no big deal.

>      of boxes alternating colors;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     or two (double) lines of boxes with alternating colors;
```

   * **Middle**, **Up** or **Down** line ticks;
   * **Numeric**, where the scale ratio is printed (e.g., ``1:50000``).
#. Set properties as appropriate

Units and Segments
------------------

The :guilabel:`Units` and :guilabel:`Segments` groups of the scale bar
:guilabel:`Item Properties` panel (not available for the **Numeric** style)

> provide the following functionalities (see figure_layout_scalebar_units_):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides the following functionalities (see figure_layout_scalebar_units_):
```

Author: we have two groups here, hence the pural

* :guilabel:`Box margin` : space between text and frame borders

> * :guilabel:`Labels margin` : space between text and scale bar drawing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Label margin` : space between text and scale bar drawing
```

   Scale Bar Fonts and colors groups

You can define the :ref:`fonts <font_selector>` and :ref:`colors <color-selector>`
used for the scale bar.

> * Use the :guilabel:`Font` button to set the :ref:`properties <text_format>`

Reviewer: ``Font`` looks like a pull-down menu, but acts like both a button and a pull-down menu - strange..

Author: like the color selector, the color ramp selector

Reviewer: QT I guess.
